fix: Update Gas Services docset (#689)
axelarnetwork/axelar-docs: src/pages/dev/general-message-passing/gas-services/intro.mdx

# Introduction to the `AxelarGasService` contract

[`AxelarGasService`](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-gmp-sdk-solidity/blob/main/contracts/interfaces/IAxelarGasService.sol) is a smart contract that manages gas payments and refunds for cross-chain communication on the Axelar network. It allows an application to prepay gas fees on the source chain and increase the gas paid for a transaction. If too much gas is paid for a transaction, it can calculate and refund the sender.

## Prepay gas on the source chain

The Axelar network routes every [General Message Passing (GMP)](https://docs.axelar.dev/dev/general-message-passing/overview) transaction to its destination chain. The final step of this process involves the application paying the gas fees for the transaction. This can be done in one of two ways:

1. **On the destination chain:** Manually paid on the destination chain

> 1. **On the source chain:** Prepaid to the `AxelarGasService` contract on the source chain, thus allowing Axelar to execute the final transaction on the destination chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **On the source chain:** Prepaid to the `AxelarGasService` contract on the source chain, thus allowing a relayer to execute the final transaction on the destination chain
```

Typically, gas fees are manually paid on the destination chain, but Axelar’s gas services provide the ability to prepay the full estimated cost for any GMP transaction with a single payment on the source chain. Axelar’s relay services manage the full pipeline. Once gas is paid to the Gas Receiver contract, the relayer services pick up the payment and automatically execute the final GMP call on the destination chain.

## Increase gas

> If the amount of prepaid gas is not enough — for example, if the destination chain is congested with transfers, causing a gas fee increase for each transaction — the application can resubmit a new amount of gas to pay for the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the amount of prepaid gas is not enough — for example, if the destination chain is congested with transfers, causing a gas fee increase for each transaction — the application can add additional gas to pay for the transaction.
```

> ## The Executor Service

Reviewer: We should simplify and only talk about the "Relay Service" "Executor Service" or "Gas Service". I prefer gas service.

Author: That sounds good to me. I think we should default to "Gas Service" as well (proper noun). Will update the style guide accordingly.
